add salesforce integration docs (#344)
vanilla/docs: content/help/addons/salesforce.md

- Create Salesforce cases and leads from Vanilla discussions (per discussion, not per comment).
- Salesforce cases and leads appear as "attachments" on your Vanilla discussion for authorized users.
- View Salesforce leads from Vanilla user profiles.

> - Sync Vanilla users with salesforce contacts when user edit profile/register.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sync Vanilla users with Salesforce contacts when a user edits their profile or registers.
```

1. Click "Connect" on Salesforce.
1. Follow the instructions from there.

### Vanilla: Send Profile Extender Fields to Salesforce

> To send custom fields over to SalesForce make sure the field "SalesForceID" input on "Profile fields" in Vanilla is set and value matchs exactly the "Field Name" set on Salesforce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send custom fields over to SalesForce, make sure the `SalesForceID` field on Vanilla's "Profile Fields" settings is set and matches Salesforce's "Field Name" exactly.
```
